9:00 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and
here in Hong Kong. You're watching the
China show. I'm Yvonne Man with David
Ingles.
>> Good morning. We're counting down to the
open of markets [music] in Greater
China. Let's get hit top stories today.
Oil and gas jumping [music] will stop at
trading with caution after a fresh
escalation in US and Iran tensions and a
continued [music] standoff in the Strait
of Hormuz.
>> Hey, Iran vowing a response after the US
Navy seized an [music] Iranian flag
cargo ship as President Trump again
threatens to destroy Iran's power plants
and bridges. Also ahead, Beijing slaps
fines on food [music] delivery platforms
including Meituan, Alibaba, and PDD for
failing to filter out [music]
unqualified merchants.
>> And two Shanghai government-backed
brokerages planning a merger to create a
firm with around [music] $86 billion
in assets.
>> [music]
>> Good morning. Happy Monday morning from
the Asia Pacific. We're starting things
off with just a a touch of breaking news
right now in terms of the loan prime
rates as scheduled out as expected
unchanged on the one and the five-year,
uh which I guess in many many ways talks
about how the economy is certainly where
one where that is fairly static in as
far as rates go. And I think when you
look at the direction of travel and
rates, we'll get into this later on why
we are seeing rates pushing even lower,
yields, repo rates, and what have you.
But yes, loan prime rates out of the
gates unchanged for both one and the
five. Yeah, we've still got to talk
about what's been happening the last 72
hours which just goes to show, excuse
[clears throat] me, how erratic this
uh Iran war is. You know, we were
heading up to the weekend with so much
optimism that, you know, there was a
ceasefire,
um that the Strait of Hormuz was open. I
think things quickly changed in the last
few days. Yeah, um how quickly headlines
can change. In fact, the oil price is
just really everything you need to know
when you look at a 3-day
look at oil prices right now at 90,
let's call it 95.50 on Brent. We're
effectively back to levels before Iran
said on Friday Asia time afternoon, I
believe that the straight
was open and then the let's just call it
the weekend happened and then here we
are with oil prices retracing their way
all the way back up and energy markets
in the equity markets reflecting the
drop that we had on Friday. So we've yet
to actually see that play out in equity
markets in the energy space. But yes,
this is a fast evolving story.
>> Yeah, you so you got to question is $100
oil back in play here after the plunge
that we saw last week. You know, we're
not quite there just yet, but we have to
see what happens given that this
ceasefire is scheduled to end on
Tuesday. But we do have the likes of the
US delegation J.D. Vance and Co. that's
heading to Islamabad Monday night. So
this coming at a time when we have seen
most equity markets or some at least the
major ones reverse most of their losses
in March. And now a key question is, you
know, are we putting that buy the dip
mentality to the test now? Yeah, well I
will see. Futures are pointing to the
upside and I think what's interesting
about the the way the market is reacting
or the lack of reaction in equity
markets is that on a benchmark basis
they're taking this in stride, right?
We're up 1% in the Nikkei.
The Kospi is trading at 63 and Goldman
just came out with just a swapper of a
projection. They're 8,000 in the Kospi
index is what Goldman is saying. So
yeah, I mean we are
I guess continuing that separate strand
of the story which is markets are
moving. Some parts of the market are
moving away from the war. And look at
what's going on in China, right? With
the ChiNext. So we're talking about
11-year highs for that market here right
now. I mean, it's not just the CATL
story given this oil spike, but you're
talking about these what they call what?
The seven sisters of this market that's
lifting things higher. And concentration
risk. Yeah. Which is getting more
pronounced in as far as that's
concerned. ChiNext on your screens one
to watch. We talked about the CGB market
176 177 on the 10-year yield lowest in
September. And of course in the macro
front, it all lead all roads lead to
potentially it is on scheduled for this
week. Whether it actually happens is
another thing but yes, Kevin Warsh
and the confirmation hearing is on the
docket and he'll be taking a lot of
questions of course. Fed independence,
how he looks at interest rates and
whether or not I think on he's mentioned
that he thinks Fed officials talk a
little bit too much. So we'll see
>> [laughter]
>> we'll see whether
he he he gets into that as well.
>> Yeah, I mean everyone's going to hear
about he's going to say about rate cuts,
right? Is he going to heavily advocate
for rate cuts? Is he you know, he he's
kind of going into this confirmation
some people have thought of him as a bit
of a dove. Will he stick to that view
and kind of look through this war driven
energy shock and that's going to further
kind of juice all these bets about rate
cuts here and really boost the short end
of the curve. So yeah, could this be the
next catalyst for the Treasury market is
a key question too. There we go. Yeah,
okay. Let's have a look at the top story
and where we are on this. President
Trump says that a US Navy fired upon and
seized an Iranian flagged cargo ship in
the Gulf of Oman after it failed to heed
warnings to stop as it left the Strait
of Hormuz. Let's bring in our team.
Laura Davison is our politics editor
here on set with us and joining us out
of Singapore Stephen Stapchinski who
leads our Asia energy coverage.
Laura, let me let me start with you.
Almost like a police stop and then the
car just barreled through. What do we
know about this Iranian ship that was
boarded?
Yes, so this was a ship that was
actually sort of approaching the Strait
of Hormuz from the from the outside
rather than coming from the Persian Gulf
side.
The the US blockade is essentially set
up kind of out there. The the US CENTCOM
which is the sort of the the group that
oversees Middle East operations said
that after a period of 6 hours it
refused to heed warnings and they went
ahead and essentially shot out the
engine room so the ship was uh halted
and then boarded. It took uh took the
ship. Um you know, unclear exactly, you
know, kind of what exactly uh you know,
sort of
uh uh precipitated all of this and if
this is, you know, going to be an
isolated incident or if we're going to
see a lot of this start to come. We have
heard Trump say that if Iran doesn't
agree to a deal by Wednesday that he's
going to really um escalate military
attacks. We have been here before, you
know, two or three times over the past
two or three weeks. Um so, lots of
questions about, you know, what happens
over the course of those next 48 hours,
but we're at a point where tensions are
really at an all-time high um as, you
know, Trump came out and said yesterday
or I said on Friday, rather, there would
be a deal. Lots of uh you know, market
reaction, lots of optimism. Over the
weekend, pretty much all of that
spiraled to nothing.
Can we
What can happen What can they do to
really salvage this ceasefire at this
point as as we count down, of course, to
these peace talks? That is an excellent
question cuz you have basically both
sides really dug in. Um you know, the US
says that they're sending J.D. Vance and
others to Islamabad for talks. Iran
says, "Hey, no, we're not participating
in this. We don't believe you've been
acting in good faith." Uh you know,
Trump has uh you know, said that if they
don't agree that he's going to uh you
know, bomb bridges and and and power
plants. Uh you know, we've seen him uh
back off of those threats before. You
know, it it we really are though in this
cycle where Trump kind of comes out to
try to force a deal, kind of announces
something that isn't quite fully baked.
Iran says, "Hey, no way." That makes
Trump mad. Then Trump escalates the
threat. And this is the cycle we found
uh you know, ourselves in now three or
four times. Uh you know, both sides are
going to need to look for an off-ramp if
they're going to be able to to come up
with some sort of plan by Tuesday. Uh
Stephen Stap, let me bring you in.
Monday morning, what do people need to
know about your world?
Well, you know, I think the first thing
you need to know is that essentially the
the the traffic through the Strait of
Hormuz is halted. So, that means you're
not getting any oil out of there. You're
not getting any liquefied natural gas.
You're not getting any LPG. Um and
that's because of a few things. One, uh
obviously there there is that rising
tension between the US and Iran and no
ship wants to be, you know, uh in in the
line of sight as the two countries sort
of hash things out. The second thing,
over the weekend we had Iran uh send
messages to ships uh according to our
reporting to say that the straight was
closed. There was attack on ships and
and and there were some LNG tankers so
that were kind of approaching the Strait
of Hormuz from the Persian Gulf to go
outside to exit and they all U-turn.
There were five of them and they they
U-turn Saturday night as tensions began
to rise again. So while you know you
have oil and gas prices gaining this
morning
um the situation is is quite bad for the
physical market. There is less physical
supply every day that this continues and
it's something that I think we we might
see priced in further especially if
there is no peace deal in the next 48
hours or so.
Yeah, I think when you look at what
futures are pricing in and what as you
may the physical oil market there's
still a sizable gap there right now
Steven. So what does it mean for oil
prices? Do you think you're back to $100
oil soon? I mean we're not quite there
but what sort of the outlook now?
So I think there are a few things that
the market's going to be closely
monitoring. So Trump use the US to to
board the the Iranian ship. What does
Iran do in response to this? Because if
they start to attack more ships, if they
say the straight is totally closed no
one can go through again if they say
that again you can see more of a market
reaction. If they you see attack on
infrastructure that's a ratcheting up.
Right I think the market had sort of had
a bit of relief over the last week week
and a half because there has been a real
de-escalation in terms of attacks on oil
and gas infrastructure in the Middle
East. If that were to restart whether
because the talks second round of talks
in Islamabad fail or whether
it's in response to what what Trump is
doing in the Strait of Hormuz then you
would I think see prices
gain above $100 Brent. We're not quite
there at the moment. So then you would
see it rise above and that's the fear of
you know So not just being a short-term
issue. If you have refineries, oil
platforms, offshore drilling rigs,
anything like that that is damaged, even
if the Strait of Hormuz were to open, it
would take weeks, months, sometimes
years to bring these facilities back
online. So that is what the market I
think is really focused on. So while
there is, you know, tension rising, the
fact that the attacks for now have
stalled, is something that I think is
keeping prices from from the highs that
we saw last month.
Yeah, it's completely bizarre to me why
that reality hasn't landed
uh in in markets. Um that delay, I don't
know, we'll see. We'll just keep keep
talking about it. Stephen Stapczynski,
thank you uh for that. And of course
Laura Davison here uh on set as well uh
to take us to the latest on that story.
Right, as we just pointed out, right,
equity markets uh well, energy markets
are reacting to what didn't happen,
which is this continued off-ramp over
the weekend. Equity markets are just
about ignoring the geopolitics for now.
As you can see, we're pointing higher on
A50 futures. The rally continues in the
CGB market, and Asian equities are
actually off to a strong start this
Monday.
Yeah, you know, I think equity markets
are continuing to take this in stride.
But when you take a look at what we're
seeing in bonds, right? I mean, the
front end of rates hasn't changed that
much.
>> Yeah. Um and I think what bond traders
are really looking at really is how how
long these discussions about inflation
expectations, I mean, that has dialed
back a bit, but we're still pricing in
the possibility of, you know, inflation
coming back in a big way, this
tightening, right? So certainly that's
going to be one thing to watch very
closely. We haven't seen that much
reversal in fixed income, but equity
markets, take a look at that. Still
holding pretty resilient here today.
Okay. Uh lots uh ahead here on the China
show this Monday. Coming through in a
couple of minutes, the former US
ambassador to Iraq and Turkey, James
[music] Jeffrey, joins us to discuss the
conflict in the Middle East and where
the latest escalations may lead.
Counting down to the open of trade just
[music] uh 18 minutes or so
away. We're still recovering here in
Hong Kong from the seventh weekend. 80
minutes to the opening [music] bell
pointing higher as far as futures go.
This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> Welcome back. Let's get more on the Iran
war and of course the escalation that we
saw over the weekend with our [music]
next guest who's had extensive career as
a senior US diplomat including as
ambassador to Iraq and Turkey. Joining
us from Virginia from Virginia India is
James Jeffrey the ambassador. Thank you
so much for joining us.
It's been a chaotic weekend to say the
least.
You know, from your perspective how do
you think things stand at the moment in
in this war?
Thanks for having me on. It's been
chaotic this weekend because this stuff
is very hard trying to
put a ceasefire in place holding in
place start negotiations under the best
of circumstances it looks chaotic. Then
you add the Trump factor where unlike
any other American or frankly any other
leader I know he dabbles through his
text messages
with things that aren't true with things
that are provocative to the Iranians and
further scrambles everything.
Nonetheless, where we are now is a team
of Americans are planning on going to
Islamabad to negotiate probably
Wednesday. We're not sure that the
Iranians have said that they would go
but you remember the last time 10 days
ago they played that game as well.
I think the Iranians will be interested
in going. The question will be will
Trump lay down a revised um
resolution
to this conflict involving nuclear
materials involving freedom of the
straits that the Iranians will accept.
If not, Trump has little choice but to
escalate that is to end the ceasefire
and to go after Iranian infrastructure.
Uh uh so Ambassador, how could
the second round of talk, how could they
be different from the first? In other
words, should we change our expectations
going into the second, knowing what we
knowing what happened in the first
round?
Uh well, the first round was basically
feeling each other out. And remember,
there was more than a week left in the
ceasefire, so both sides had time to go
back to reconsider their positions, look
at what the other side was offering,
think of uh what their next negotiating
step would be. That's typical in such
negotiations. Uh the problem now is the
clock is ticking. It's ticking on the
ceasefire, which ends Wednesday, and
it's ticking on, as you've been
reporting so well tonight, uh the uh
health of the international economy as
Iran continues to block the straits. Uh
absent Iran uh yielding on that point
and absent Iran yielding on the
critically important nuclear file, uh
Trump I do not think will maintain the
ceasefire in place. He thinks he was
treated in the first place when he
agreed to it and then didn't get the
straits opened. That he thought was the
deal.
The US strategy, Ambassador, to the
Strait of Hormuz seems to be, you know,
it's either everyone gets access or
nobody gets access.
Do you think this approach is going to
be effective enough
for some sort of breakthrough and that
the Iranians can loosen that stronghold
that they have on the strait here right
now? Does it incentivize enough the
economic pressure for both sides to
reach some sort of off-ramp?
That's exactly the question I would
offer, but of course it's one I can't
really uh answer. What I can say is that
posture, if our stuff doesn't get out
for the uh global economy, Iran's stuff
won't get out. That's better than his
initial position, which was when the
Iranians shut the straits to everybody
else, Trump let the Iranians keep on
shipping oil because he was so terrified
by climbs in uh gas and oil prices. Now
he's decided he's going to suck it up,
take the pain, spread it out over
Americans and everybody else as again
you're reporting, and put the pressure
on Iran. Iran's ability not in weeks,
but certainly in months, to survive
without oil and
LNG income is very questionable.
So Ambassador, let's say talks head
south and as you point out if they do
then the White House has no other option
but to escalate. In what form do you
think we will see that escalation and
how do you think Iran responds? Yeah,
look, I worked for Donald Trump for 2
years on the Syria very touchy Syria
account and he always has
a surprising alternative. He might
decide he'll end the ceasefire but not
do very much. I think he will target
infrastructure. If I were him, I would
go at it gradually. I wouldn't blow up
electrical generation plants, they cost
billions of dollars. Rather, I would
take down
high tension wires. That was done to us
by the insurgents in Iraq in 2004.
extremely effective in shutting down
electricity, but it doesn't do long-term
damage. So there are steps that you can
escalate to indicate that you mean
business without blowing everything up.
His going after the ship, which we
believe was carrying or had been
carrying these precursor materials for
Iranian
ballistic missile fuel, that was another
example of limited escalation. We did
fire some shots, but again,
it was not any major escalation, but it
sent the message we are serious. He
needs to do that now because the
Iranians were doubting that a few weeks
ago.
How do you think regional players are
going to
I don't know, the diplomacy in all of
this as well. Obviously we've seen you
know, the Pakistan
delegations and and the leaders there
really take the charge here. China
certainly has played a small part in
some ways, but you know, being an
ambassador to that region before, how do
you see regional players and what role
are they going to have in all this? This
is about the best card Trump has.
What Chinese officials are telling us, I
don't know what they're telling you, but
what Chinese officials have been telling
my colleagues is
our future in the Gulf is with the GCC
states. They look at the sovereign
wealth funds, they look at the almost 20
um
million barrels a day that those states
pump out, and they realize Iran is not
their future. Russians have told me
essentially the same thing. We don't
want to be seen as Iran's ally. So, Iran
is isolated, and one of the good news
outcomes so far has been the Gulf
states, despite taking a beating, are
solidly behind Trump, solidly behind
getting a final and safe deal with Iran.
They do not want to make concessions.
And you notice the Pakistanis, while
negotiating, also sent fighter planes to
Saudi Arabia to help with their defense.
That's what's happening in this region.
The whole region is coming together to
present a common and military face to
Iran, which is good, frankly.
Uh
>> [snorts]
>> So, Ambassador, the as the world as you
point out come comes together and I
guess in various forms. And I think we
did hear we saw a report as well. I'm
not sure if you saw that out of out of
Korea this morning that they might
actually also be willing they're
considering also joining that sort of
naval police force after the war.
I wonder Do you think Iran will ever
give up control over the strait
willingly?
Uh
it will as part of a deal that allows
its oil and
LNG to leave and that
um
results in the US and importantly Israel
committing not to attack Iran again
unless Iran violates the agreement, and
that agreement, which we haven't seen
yet and doesn't exist yet would involve
commitments by Iran on the nuclear file
and on the ballistic missile file. If
those things occur, the straits will be
open again. Yes.
The nuclear program, I think this is the
thing that I think sparked a lot of
confusion too over the weekend where
where President Trump said that Iran
agreed to suspend
its nuclear program indefinitely. Tehran
has disputed that. Is that still going
to be the biggest sticking point do you
think in these talks?
Um well
Iran put from all accounts a five-year
limit to any enrichment activity, which
is better than the Obama 2015 JCPOA deal
which just limited how much and to what
degree they could enrich. So Iran put
that down for five years. America
supposedly demanded 20. So can we meet
in the middle? Perhaps. That's the first
issue. The second key issue is what
happens to the 60% enriched uranium,
roughly 400 kg, that have been bombed
deep into bunkers and are hard to get at
but still they represent a real threat.
Ambassador, final question.
It's been over four years since Ukraine
back then when that started, very few
people had thought it would extend for
four years and I wonder the tail risk of
this one extending well beyond a time
horizon most people expect at the
moment.
Right. In fact, I did a piece in Foreign
Affairs two weeks ago saying this could
become another Ukraine. What the US
needs to do and Russia was never able to
do was to
put on the table a very serious
escalation that cannot be counted and
that is Trump's threat to go after the
infrastructure in a major way
while also putting on the table a
reasonable compromise, which again
Moscow never did. If we do that and the
jury is out as to whether we'll do that,
particularly the second part, I think we
can get a deal.
Ambassador, thank you for spending part
of the evening with us. Uh Uh, I know
it's getting late there on Sunday. Uh,
James Jeffrey there, former US
ambassador to Turkey and [music] also to
uh, Iraq. Right, uh, about 7 minutes to
the opening bell. Uh, A50 futures
slightly to the weak side. Hang Seng
though is slightly higher. Lots more
ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Looks to be a busy day ahead when it
comes to of course equity markets
continue to charge higher here this
morning. The China X, we'll see if it
continues for another day now that we
have seen this rally take us back to
levels we haven't seen since I think
about 11 years ago. So certainly
um, CATL yeah, okay. CATL has been one
thing to watch as well. But we got to
talk about the seven sisters uh, really
in in relation to what we're seeing with
the mag seven in the US as well, which
has been seeing a bit of rebound. So is
that sort of rebound put to the test now
given the situation with Iran? There is
a CGV rally going on which we actually
have seen those yields head back to
levels we haven't seen since September.
Uh, sectors include e-commerce given
this fine the regulators slapped on
Baba, JD, PDD, Meituan, the like here on
on how they are failing to filter out
some of these unqualified merchants. I
think it was about cake sellers uh, this
time around. The energy space is is
going to be a big one here today as
well. There's this big merger between
some of the Shanghai brokerages as well,
too. And you got to talk about robots,
Dave. Yeah, because the half marathon
was over the weekend and of course the
one that made it and broke the human
world record was what made by Shenzhen
honors. We'll talk more about robotics
and really
uh, the [music] leaps and bounds that
have been achieved over the last uh,
previous iteration of that marathon. Uh,
and then the Hang Seng vol index given
what we were [music] expecting, but now
clearly that's not the case. The rally
to falter, risk assets are bid going
into the open today.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We are entering its week number
eight. Yes. Uh of the war. Markets, most
parts of the market have moved on from
week [music] number six. So, I think
when you look at equity markets, we're
up three weeks on some benchmarks, we're
up in the Asia Pacific. Uh we're [music]
very close to hitting highs on some.
Nikkei's at a record. Taiwan, Korea's
very near. You know, Korea and Goldman
had 8,000 call on on on on the Kospi
index. [music] And the China A share
index, that's just been an absolute fire
as well.
Yeah, the oil spike certainly is
benefiting the likes of CATL, which has
a massive weighting, of course, on this
benchmark. But, it's also there's other
six other sisters [music]
that social media has been talking about
that's really kind of lifting Shenzhen.
Uh but yeah, as you mentioned, right?
You're not seeing that typical hangover
that we usually have. You might still be
nursing that hangover from the sevens,
though.
>> Um If not still inebriated. the fun
weekend that we had here in Hong Kong.
So, at least, you know, on this Monday
morning, we are seeing risk our assets
are taking this all in stride here right
now. Uh despite the fact that oil is
popping up just a little bit here. We're
still under that 100 level um there when
it comes to Brent, though. So,
certainly, you know, there is some risk
premium price price back to these
markets, but not as pronounced that it
would have been maybe, as Dave
mentioned, three or four weeks ago. But,
take a look at China A shares, though.
We are coming off some of the initial
highs of that we reached at 11-year high
on Friday. Uh we're just down by about
three quarters of 1%. CSI 300 is also
slightly to the downside. Uh we're flat
when it comes to Shanghai comp. Um but
Dave has been talking about this this
massive rally we actually seen in bond
markets, and that continues here today.
Uh we're down one basis points for the
10 and the 30-year. There is a CGBS
sale, also. But, Shanghai crude, you can
actually see it falling uh this morning.
So, um maybe not quite reflecting what
we're seeing when it comes to real
futures markets and Brent and WTI and
you're seeing even the CETL sell off a
bit so maybe after that massive week we
saw for the stock we're down about 3 and
1/2% or so here this morning Capricorn
tech though is heading higher by about
more than 1% those LPRs that come out
early this morning unchanged just to
keep in mind that was expected though
here's what Hong Kong is doing as well
right because
up until now I've been people have been
talking about earnings and that could be
the
key pillar of support when it comes to
this equity market but there you go we
are still falling given what the
headline risk with Iran here today so
Hang Seng is down about a tenth of 1% HS
Tech is selling off you add that to this
what regulators did over the weekend in
finding some of these food delivery
platforms like Baba Meituan JD PDD and
the like over their failure to I guess
filter through some of these unlicensed
merchants so that was a bit slap up
there on the biggest ones we've seen in
terms of penalties for some of these
platforms that's why you're seeing
Alibaba Meituan perhaps fall more than
1% here today Tencent also is falling
just slightly here
but you know the property still is is
and HSBC so the old traditional sort of
sectors they're actually seeing some
green here this morning energy there's a
bit of a mixed picture here but you know
given the whipsaw we've been seeing when
it comes to oil prices there you go
we're mostly lower across some of the
oil majors there in China Yeah this is
going to be interesting because in about
30 minutes Parsley
is joining us at JP Morgan and I think
they her team covers energy and I think
she does have a take here and whether
how to get exposure to this given what's
happening in the Strait of Hormuz and I
think it's still upstream over refiners
and how that changes of course and of
course we will bring you that
conversation in about 30 minutes from
now as Yvonne just touched on there so
you have Chinese regulators finding
these leading delivery platforms you
have Baba jd.com PDD and Meituan after
failing to filter out these unqualified
merchants. Min-Min Loh is here with us
in set to take us through, of course,
the results of this investigation and
the these so-called ghost deliveries.
Yeah, so ghost deliveries, they're
essentially merchants that
have a fake address and they sometimes
have false licenses. Could be an expired
one or a borrowed one and they would use
that to register on these e-commerce
platforms to sell food to people and
sometimes they would outsource their
production to
shady kitchen, you know, without
consumers' knowledge. I sometimes
encounter this or I at least I wonder
about them cuz I would see these
listings on the e-commerce platform and
I'd be like, I passed by the area, but I
I don't think I've seen those
restaurants before. So, the market
regulator has been investigating this
and they have now handed down this 3.6
billion yuan fine to all seven of these
e-commerce operators, the ones you
mentioned, including Meituan, PDD,
jd.com, for example.
It is the biggest fine that has been
handed out yet. And of course, it
concerns food safety and it's something
that many people in China are watching
closely. Yeah, so with this regulatory
tightening, you know, what what
implications is this going to have on
your margins, on pricing of these
companies now? So, obviously many of
these companies have said that they
would comply and they would strengthen
supervision. PDD though was sort of
singled out separately by the market
regulator because they were they were
singled out as having used violence as a
last resort to try to obstruct
regulatory compliance, but many of these
companies said they accept it. They're
going to, you know, strengthen
compliance. That means they have to
actually put in resources, right?
Financial resources, human resources
human resources to actually check some
of these merchants before approving
their lease listings. So, analysts are
saying that this is something that could
hit their margins.
And also, if the crackdown is effective,
essentially it would force some of these
producers or merchants to raise their
prices. So, there is an indirect impact
on pricing as well, but the biggest
impact I think is the signaling here
because the scale of the fines are much
higher than the previous fines we have
heard of before. Previous ones were
sometimes symbolic in nature. So, this
perhaps send a signal that the
government is really serious about the
warnings, not just about food safety,
but about the the the price competition
as well, and it might force some of
these companies to really focus on being
more disciplined about their promo-
promotions.
>> Yeah, maybe the the competition will be
not as intense. Um all right, Mimin,
thank you. Our China correspondent Mimin
Lo there. Uh yeah, against that
backdrop, I mean, obviously that that's
probably one sort of headwind in this
market here today, but you take a look
at what's going on in Shenzhen, where we
were just talking about the ChiNext. I
mean, those 11-year highs here right
now. It really has outperformed the
broader markets, and you know, it's
given that it's really, you know, the
exposed to the tech space, the new
energy names as well. I mean, CATL is
probably one of the most household names
as well, but we got to list uh the other
six sisters.
>> other sisters.
>> six of the seven.
>> Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Um there you go. We've listed some of
them. These are four of the seven, and
these including CATL, of course, are the
biggest point contributors to the
ChiNext rally over the last 6 months.
And of course, you have the other three,
and it now brings uh
concentration risk. I think you've seen
the portion of
>> the Mag 7.
>> Just like the Mag 7. I mean, this is the
Mag 7 of China. Yeah, the the mini Mag 7
version when you look at market cap, but
yeah, increasingly so, a heftier portion
of the ChiNext index off the seven are
now, let's call it is that uh just over
40% now
uh in terms of the weighting on the
index itself. And it's an index that has
done tremendously well amidst the the
slow bull market we're seeing across the
other major benchmarks in mainland
China. Let's bring in Thomas Fang, here
with us in set, head of China Global
Markets at UBS. Good morning. Good
morning, morning.
>> Good morning.
How much has the this ChiNext rally,
this new generation of tech names come
up in in in your world? Well, it is
critical. I think um going around
the world talking to global investors,
so tech and innovation for China
has been the center of the the investors
focus, especially with the resilient
market performance from the US and the
US tech sector. So, extremely critical
for China
stock market.
How how are you looking at just the
external environment here right now? Do
you do you think what's going on is is
going to be a replay of what happened
last year during tariffs and the like or
is there a whiff of stagflation here
that we have to kind of contend with?
>> Sure. Sure. I think this time around the
geopolitical implication to China
to me is quite different. So, so China
in many ways potentially can
you know, benefit the medium to longer
term sort of a dynamic, but if you look
at a near term, so we just see the
client, you know, investment sentiment
go from risk on and risk risk off very
quickly just over a news over a
particular event or over the the
weekend. So, in many ways China would be
part of that.
But the overall market continue to be
quite resilient and China in some way
our investor code is almost like a safe
haven with low correlation. Are you
surprised how markets have been this
resilient? Not just China, you look
across the world, it's as if
the war did not happen or is not
happening still.
True. So, on one hand
we always feel
the risk may not be properly priced in
in the market in a broader sense, but at
the same time market is always right.
Market always take all the information
and then predict what's going to
happening
in the near term, right? So, so in many
ways this resilience
surprised many of the quote unquote
institutional investor, but at the same
time, you know, market is right. So,
there are a lot of volatilities.
Yeah,
how do you read the volatility? I mean,
first of all, maybe you can tell us what
in terms of upside, how much more do we
could see among Chinese equities? And
what are some of those choppy sort of
headwinds that you're seeing? Maybe as
we get closer to the summer when you
have the two presidents are supposed to
meet.
>> Sure. Sure.
>> earnings coming up as well.
>> Sure. Sure. I think with China there's a
lot of constructive factors. So you have
on the back of a very strong Q1 GDP
results. You have seen analysts, you
know, continue to revise up corporate
earnings. And then you see the the
so-called you know, deflationary
pressure finally is tapering off. And
then plus in the summit where
you would argue many of the global
leaders in the future and uh and also
Trump will be a visit to talk more
constructively. So a lot of those
positive factors potentially are really
sort of formulate a a strong and also
probably outperforming story for Chinese
equities. This slow bull market Yeah.
>> Is that only an A-share market story?
Because I look at Hong Kong, Hang Seng
Tech doesn't You look at the chart, it
doesn't look like a slow bull market. It
looks like it's in a bear market.
>> Yeah.
>> Well, well, I think
global investors always hope for a sort
of a slow bull for China. But as an
emerging market, China tend to be quite
volatile. But this time around, given
the low correlation to the geopolitical
in
risk in Middle East, you saw when the
market tanked, so probably China didn't
react as strong as US or Hong Kong. But
when it rebound, it's also relatively in
a smaller scale. But I think with the
risk premium potentially hopefully
tapering off in maybe in a couple of
days or couple of weeks, so China can
potentially rally a little bit more.
Where do you think that you you have the
most conviction in terms of sectors
here? Is it still, you know, upstream
manufacturing? Is it still the hard tech
sectors that going to drive this equity
market higher? Are you looking for other
areas that are maybe opportunities?
>> Sure. I think tech and innovation
continue to be the key focus. I think
that drives most of the focus and
activities. But what potentially can
surprise on the upside is really the
consumption and even the potential
property sector in China. So we we are
watching very closely in terms of the
the price actions, the deflationary
pressure finally off run for China, and
then with some of the
uh sort of the resumption of
increase of consumption. So we are
looking at those sectors which is
relatively less focused by the
investors. Does it look like those two
stories will pick up momentum in terms
of recovery this year?
Uh second half. So we are we are
hopeful, but it's not a consensus. So we
still need to see
uh a more constructive uh environment
and also, you know, hopefully more
demand from domestic. Right.
All right. Tommy, it's always good to
have you. Tommy Fang there, head of
China Global Markets at UBS. Um so
certainly a lot to talk about here when
it comes to, you know, the opportunities
and resilience of the Chinese market and
certainly we've been seeing that. Um one
the brokerages have obviously had a
really good uh field day as well. But
we're going to talk about this mega
merger coming up on the break there.
It's set to create a Chinese brokerage
with about $86 billion
>> [music]
>> in assets. We have more on the impact
next year uh with Bloomberg
Intelligence's Shuli Ren and she's going
to be joining us here after this break.
This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right. Uh big news when it comes
[music] to the broker sector here in
China as the two Shanghai
government-backed brokerages plan to
merge in a deal creating a firm with
around $86 billion
in assets. Let's bring in Bloomberg
Intelligence and they really think this
merger will give an edge to China's
plans to nurture its top brokers. Our
senior analyst, Jenny Wong, joins us
here. Yeah, flush that out a little bit
more about, you know, how how
significant this this potential merger
could be.
Yes, so
Orient Securities, right now they are
ranked just outside of the top 10. So,
this deal, it should increase their
assets as well as profit by about 20%.
So, it's definitely quite sizable for
them. And we expect
with scale being increasingly important
in China, we do expect them to be able
to have an edge in winning market share,
especially in in the institutional
space. And because both of them are
based in Shanghai, we do expect also
cost synergies to be realized.
How does this change? So, obviously
there
through the passage of time there will
be less smaller brokerages, more bigger
and heftier.
What have we noticed in terms of the
change in competitive dynamics since
this whole trend began a few years ago?
And how do you see it then evolving
moving forward? Yes, so I think it's
important to keep in mind what is the
most important reason driving this trend
and that is because the policy makers
have pretty much said outright that they
will be nurturing the top 10 brokers to
expand domestically. So, if you are
outside of the top 10, you know, you
could struggle going forward, right? So,
with Orient ranked as as
of 2025, they were ranked 11th. So, now
they're going to just inch out Guosen.
So, it is quite important for all the
other brokers, you know, to also beef up
in in scale. And why is this important?
It's because the regulators, you know,
they they could give preferential
treatment for pilot programs, like for
example, new services or new products.
So, you know, that is why a lot of the
smaller brokers, you know, could be
takeover targets. Okay. Do you have
anything that you are foreseeing? I
mean, is this is this really going to
ramp up much more this consolidation
theme, you think, moving forward?
>> Yes, so this is definitely going to
continue. Last year we saw the merger of
Guotai Junan and Haitong you know, and
now it's like the largest by assets.
This year actually the deal should be
completed later this year. That's of
CICC and Dongxing and Cinda Securities.
And you know, there've been a lot of
press reports as well.
So so for example, CICC and China Galaxy
also quite a quite a while
>> Yeah. a go now. But you know, there
there could be more
new
more news to come. Yeah. Okay, Shanny
great Shanny Wong there our Bloomberg
Intelligence senior analyst on yeah,
what what we could be seeing in the
space and it seems like there's more to
come. In terms of some other headlines
that we're tracking tracking for you
today, Bloomberg has learned that the
world's top energy trader [music] Vitol
Group has told banks it made first
quarter profit of around $2 billion. Now
Vitol has been trying [music] to
reassure banks following a Bloomberg
report that it was reorganizing its
derivatives team which suffered losses
from early war-related price swings.
>> [music]
>> Sources say the figure could still
change as the company finalizes its
accounts for the period.
Google is reportedly in talks with
Marvell Technology to develop two new
custom [music] AI chips. According to
the information, one of them is a memory
processing unit and the other would be
specifically built for running [music]
AI models. The report says discussions
are focused on chips designed
exclusively for Google.
Now AI chip maker [music] and data
center operator Cerebras Systems has
filed publicly for a US IPO around six
months
>> [music]
>> after withdrawing a previous attempt.
Sources say it filed confidentially for
a listing that could raise around $2
billion.
Cerebras part of [music] a growing
cohort seeking to challenge market
leader Nvidia.
Okay, Blue Origin. So the New Glenn
rocket has completed its third flight by
this booster for the first time, but the
mission failed to correctly place a
satellite in its intended orbit. Dave
Limp, the CEO, told Bloomberg
exclusively that he sees more New Glenn
flights in 2026.
I think it'd be a really good year if we
could do, you know, 8 to 12 flights this
year up from two last year. That would
be you know, that'd be a good cadence
for us. I can see a path that we have
plenty of hardware to do that. It really
is what what we learn from the flights.
I I would tell you that
it there's
there's never been a time where launch
is in such demand. And by the way, I
think the demand's going up. With all
these direct to device announcements,
Amazon made one obviously,
other ASTs doing direct to device. And
these mega constellations, we have our
own constellation we announced with with
Terra Wave that
if I if I could fly a rocket every week
right now, I would be sold out if for
the indefinite future. And so, our job
is to get out there, get as fast a
cadence as we can as quickly as
possible. And the foundation of that
again is just to build a world-class
manufacturing business. And you know,
that's something I've I've done for a
long time and the team's done for a long
time. And I think we're on the right
path. We still have ways to go, but but
I'm I'm excited about the progress. The
world became familiar with Blue Origin
through New Shepard, the smaller form
factor launch system. And and and the
first focus of that was kind of space
tourism.
You know, going to to a a pretty low
altitude relatively speaking for a few
minutes of weightlessness. And you know,
of course, I I was in Van Horn, Texas
when Jeff Bezos himself went up. But you
you took the decision to halt that
program in large part to focus on Blue's
participation in getting America back to
the moon.
And so, I you know, in the first
instance, Dave, what what have has the
result of that decision been? Have you
been able to accelerate that other
program, the lunar program? How have you
moved and reassigned resource and people
to to fulfill that ambition?
Yeah, it you know, we were able to fly
98 people above the common line. I've
never seen so many smiles on every
astronaut that we were able to do that
for. And I think if you had to make the
decision to put New Shepard on pause, we
put on pause for at least two years but
with your heart, it would have been a
very hard decision cuz you see that you
saw it when you saw Jeff fly.
Every customer is the happiest customer
you've ever seen. But when you make it
when you make that decision with your
head, it's it was probably one of the
simpler business decisions that I and
Jeff had to had have ever made because
you know, I'm so passionate about
getting the US back to the moon
as is Jeff. It's you know, I I don't
think the
country wants another Sputnik moment.
We have been saying it blue for 20 plus
years that the moon is this incredible
gift given to us. You know, it's three
it's three days away. It's got all the
resources that we'll ever need right
there at least for the foreseeable
millennium ahead of us and
and we know how to get there.
And that was a Blue Origin CEO Dave Limp
speaking exclusively with Bloomberg Tech
co-anchor Ed Ludlow. Of course, you can
rewatch that on the Bloomberg video hub.
Subscribers [music] can explore live
streaming, news and interviews, all our
Bloomberg TV shows, documentaries,
reporter [music] analysis, and more.
Make sure to check it out at
bloomberg.com/videos.
>> [music]
>> Right, welcome back. So, we've been
talking about this China next rally.
Um
a lot of that is down to
seven stocks. One is on your screens,
the other one of course is the listing
here in Hong Kong. We're down on A
shares there. I mean, separately, uh we
are looking at the specific uh
offloading that we're looking at here
just uh under 1.3%.
Uh it's it is that a big thing? Maybe
not. Uh in as far as the broader
conversation is concerned. And the
reason I frame it that way is because in
the next hour of the show, we'll be
really talking about the sort of the
major trends because of the war that
might accelerate in terms of battery,
energy security, storage,
self-sufficiency.
And this is really one name that has
been central to that theme. And uh
anyway, stay tuned for that interview
coming up, of course, here uh on the
show. Uh robotics uh talking point today
has been a talking point over the last
at least 12 months. And today, we're
looking at specifically because of
uh this
Well, number one, this this marathon
that took place in Beijing over the
weekend. And really, they improved the
personal best, if you think about it,
from last year.
Uh
uh and I think one of them actually did
manage to take out the record set, I
think it was in Lisbon by Jacob Kiplimo
uh last month uh
by you know, by a full 7 minutes, if I'm
not mistaken. Uh the stock is
uh on your screens, [music]
I believe. Uh anyway, uh the benchmark
is coming up, too. And of course, we're
also looking at uh the CGB rally [music]
that's taking place. We have a big
auction. Futures are pointing to some
lot of strength coming through in the
CGB market. Six straight days now
[music] on the futures front. Lots more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Motor Vessel Tosca, Motor Vessel Tosca.
Vacate your engine room.
Vacate your engine room. We're prepared
to subject you to disabling fire.
That was the US Navy issuing this
warning to an Iranian-flagged cargo ship
that was eventually seized and hence why
I think when you look at oil markets are
back to levels on Friday. Equity markets
have largely moved on from this.
Uh I just very quickly on the CSI 300,
the benchmarks across greater China as
we uh get started this week and as you
can see gains across these. Uh it's a
similar picture when you look across the
region. Equity markets, Korea, the
Nikkei, uh you have Taiwan also there on
your screens with different themes and
uh factors now playing in the equity
markets apart from obviously the the
premium that the war is
is still forcing into market
conversations, although that is still
most pronounced when you look at energy
markets specifically. Uh but you know,
case in point is you know, Nikkei is
already at a record. Taiwan and Korea's
very near uh erasing all of its losses
since the war uh began. In fact, it's
going to come up on your screens very,
very shortly and the Goldman's come out
with their forecast on this 8,000 on the
Kospi index and as you can see we're
very close now to that peak that we saw
back in in Feb. Right, uh we mentioned
the
I think you'd really just have to look
at a two- or three-day
uh chart of Brent to just underscore the
chaos that ensued over the weekend
uh with massive headlines on Friday that
according to Iran, the strait was not
open to all commercial vessels and then
the weekend happened and here we are
back uh to about those levels from
Friday. Yeah, it's interesting, right?
You have the likes of uh Morgan Stanley.
They're now saying, you know, we were
telling investors earlier this month to
reengage in, you know, AI in Asia and
emerging markets equities here, but now
they're saying maybe it's time to trim
that trade here just given these fresh
Iran risks that you're seeing off the
standoff in the Strait of Hormuz
as well as this escalation in tensions
between US and Iran. So, they said
lighten up somewhat is sort of the the
pitch there from Jonathan Garner and his
team. So, they're saying limited upside
from here on forward just given the
flip-flop that we're seeing over the
ceasefire. It's still headline risk.
Still. The Okay, let's have a look at
the the the Strait of Hormuz right now.
In fact, when you look at this is a map
and data from Marine Traffic and just in
case you're able to distinguish between
the colors that you see in your screens,
green as you're looking at cargo
vessels,
red are the tankers, blue turquoise are
some of the tugs.
And of course, you see that massive void
right at the strait. And really
I think what we saw we saw going into
two weekends before was a pickup to
about mid-teens in terms of passenger
traffic and then you had this military
blockade in the US
this time last week. And then you had a
subsequent pickup late last week going
into the weekend and then we're back
down in as far as vessel traffic goes.
So, this is a story that just keeps
going back and forth and until we get
some real clear conclusion that it is
open, then we just have to wait until it
is actually open.
Maybe you know, we need to get some more
experts on this right now. Adjoining us
is Parsley Ong, head of Asia energy and
chemicals research at JP Morgan. Perhaps
he'll have a bit more insight than we do
on what's [clears throat] really going
on. Um Parsley, thanks so much for
joining us, right? Just given what has
been a very chaotic sort of 72 hours,
how are you assessing the Middle East
situation right now? Is Is there a sense
that things could escalate or or
actually de-escalate from here?
Well, when we look at the Middle East
war um from a commodity perspective,
there are three areas, right? There is
supply, actual physical supply dis-
disruption, there is logistics, and then
there is demand. So, uh right now we're
looking at 11 million barrels per day of
crude oil production loss uh because
Middle Eastern producers can't get their
oil out of Hormuz into the end markets,
and about 120 BCM of gas production
loss. Now, um after the fighting uh
stops, a lot of that uh
production can come back online. For
crude oil, the younger fields could uh
return about 3 million barrels per day
of production within 1 month after the
fighting stops, and then some of the
older, more mature fields would take
about 2 months. But, um ultimately, um I
think the market prior to the weekend
was actually pricing in um
quite um high odds of a smooth
reopening. And when I say smooth, I
meant like uh a return to maybe 99 to
100% of pre-war flows by June or July.
So, um as the conflict drags on, then
potentially the market will reassess
that, um and we might draw down on more
inventories, and uh energy prices would
start to uh grind higher.
Parsley, that's interesting. Could you
take us through a little bit more on
that? Your three
basic scenarios on on the reopening,
aggressive, the middle ground, and also
the slow scenario.
Sure. So, uh we did because, you know, a
war is hard to predict, so we did do a
scenario analysis uh couple of weeks ago
on uh what could potentially happen. So,
prior to the war, uh global oil
inventories were 8.5 billion barrels.
And um over the last 51 days of
fighting, we have seen global oil
inventories draw down by about 500
million barrels. So, in the first
scenario, which was and I would say even
today probably is the base case for
majority of the market, is that the
fighting stops, you take about 1 month
to clear the mines, ensure all the
insurance, the captains are comfortable
transiting the Hormuz, and then we have
a return
of most of your flows by within 3
months, which is around the June-July
period. So, in that scenario, we have
global oil inventories bottoming at
about 7
about 7.8 billion barrels over the next
2 months, and thereafter recovering. But
even so,
even if we assume that global oil supply
outstrips demand by 1 million barrels
per day thereafter, it would still take
about 1 year before we return to about
8.2 billion barrels or a $75 per barrel
kind of a Brent environment.
Uh it's very interesting because when
when you take a look at the gap between
with the physical market and how much it
cost it is to to buy a barrel of oil
versus what futures are pricing in,
there there still seems to be a pretty
significant gap right now, Parsley.
What Where does that leave prices? How
much more upside risk do you see then?
Um so, I think at the very peak around
the late March to early April period,
physical Brent or physical Dubai was
trading close to $140 per barrel, a
little bit higher temporarily, and then
that has come back down towards the
$100 per barrel mark.
Jet
is still trading at a pretty elevated
level, and that just reflects the
physical tightness in the market. Now,
as we have every as you move down the
forward curve, right?
We have more time for flows to resume.
And so the market prices in greater
probability of production increases and
supply response. And that's kind of why
the future price is a bit lower
as as the months go by for Brent. It's a
bit different for spot LNG and TTF where
you would notice that the forward curve
is flattish through this coming winter.
So that physical physical market for
gas, I would say, is tighter than crude
oil.
Okay, so what assumptions then do you
have over
over gas, LNG?
So for LNG,
obviously the big disruption has been in
Qatar.
Ras Laffan originally had 14 trains and
two of that has had
pretty severe damage. So we have assumed
that the remaining 12 trains come back
online three months
after the fighting stops. And that would
be sufficient time for Europe to rebuild
its inventories to about 80% of storage
capacity by 1st of November. And
that would largely
ease most of the
most of the tightness we see in the
market right now. So in that kind of
scenario, we'd be looking at about $15
per MMBTU spot LNG and TTF. But of
course,
if more damage is incurred or the
facilities take longer than expected to
ramp up, there are people saying it
might take 6 months. So then
we might see a tighter winter market.
Right now, so
right now I would say 15 is our base
case.
Well, what does this mean for Asian
importers of energy parsley? I mean,
we've seen some austerity measures
everything from export bans, caps on
fuel, you know, I'm just wondering in
terms of what more can can Asia really
do at this point?
Um so, I think a lot of governments have
gone out there to impose
energy rationing and
energy security measures. So, what we
have seen is about 2 and 1/2 million
barrels per day of demand destruction
resulting from these conservation
efforts. And
at the same time at the end of the day,
Asia is highly reliant on Middle East
for energy imports, right? Typically, we
import 30 percent of LNG from the Middle
East and up to 60% of crude oil from the
Middle East. But, the impact on
countries varies. So, you have countries
like Pakistan which have more than 90%
LNG import reliance from Qatar. And so,
in markets like that, that's where you
see a bigger hit to the domestic
energy situation. Power shortages
maybe lack of LPG.
Um so,
other markets, for example, Singapore or
even China are currently better
positioned. So, what
some consumers have is just inflation
concerns.
Yeah, but of course the situation is
quite
fluid, yeah.
I mean, that that underscores the
how challenging this this this situation
is if
the best scenario is you're only dealing
with inflation. Parsley, so final
question for you. So the assumption from
you guys is oil at 90 for 2026.
We glide down to 80 bucks 2027 75 and
2028. What is the equity market overlay
on a price trajectory that looks like
that in terms of preference from
upstream to downstream?
I would say we stick with some of the
more defensive upstream oil companies
and this 75 to $90 environment. They do
have upside risk to to consensus EPS and
67% dividend yield going into an
inflationary environment might be
attractive.
At the same time
as you rightly pointed out at the start
of the show, we would also recommend
selectively adding to growth positions.
Companies with strong AI leverage would
see earnings growth.
We are not modeling in massive
you know power outages or production
disruptions driven by the energy
shortage. So against this kind of
backdrop, we are just dealing with
slightly more sticky inflation but still
pursuing some earnings growth.
We would avoid companies with uh
No, please finish finish your thought.
Sorry. Yeah, we
No, we would avoid companies with very
stretched balance sheets in this
environment.
Fantastic. Thank you so much. Have a
great week ahead Parsley Ong, head of
Asia energy and chemicals research
there of course at JP
Morgan. Okay, just ahead here on shows.
Rising demand for Chinese currency has
revived talk about this petro yuan.
StanChart joins us to talk us through
that and much more. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Well, as we continue to assess the
situation that's going on in Iran at the
moment, there is some talk of what this
means, right? When it comes to
currencies and this whole
de-dollarization theme. And certainly
when you talk about this quote
petro-yuan,
this is a concept that President Xi
Jinping advocated with little success
during that 2022 trip to the Middle
East. The yuan has seen an uptick in
demand though after Iran took control of
the Strait of Hormuz and began accepting
payments in RMB to allow freighters to
pass through safely. Now, while
transactions through the yuan-based CIPS
network are hitting new highs, they
still represent though a small fraction
of the roughly $2 trillion
in average daily volume of dollar
payments processed through the
US-controlled CHIPS network. So, yeah,
it's an incremental sort of, I guess you
could say,
change that we've been seeing so far,
but obviously we've got to look longer
term here. Let's bring in Becky Liu,
head of China macro strategy at
StanChart. She joins us here right now.
In terms of challenging the dollar's
role, I mean, what do you think the RMB
stands here right now during this Middle
East conflict? The Middle East conflict
is another catalyst pushing forward and
de-dollarization process. So, the RMB's
rising share of global trade, global
investment financing has
has already started before this
process. But, this is another catalyst.
We have seen a number of strong
catalysts over the last few years. And
the bulk of these change of settlement
currency in our view is driven more by
fear rather than greed. So, you you've
got the first wave after the Russia
Ukraine war and then the trade war last
year and then finally the the Middle
East conflict.
Yeah. Are the flows sticky? In other
words,
you know, they're they're driven by
external
stress events, but I wonder if they're
strong enough to be sustainable moving
forward. Uh we think a higher portion of
the flows are now sticky uh because like
even when we look at global reserve
investments, for example, uh the the the
trend has been quite clear that people
are reducing the allocation in dollar,
but rising the allocation in gold, which
is zero coupon. So, it means the
consideration from a securities point of
view is uh taking uh a higher priority
rather than pure short-term returns. And
it applies to the uh CNY as well. But
part of the flows, especially when it
comes to financing flows, in our view,
it could be uh uh driven by a uh very
wide interest rate differential. We have
seen China surpassing the euro to become
the second largest trade financing
currency a few quarters ago. Um and uh
from here on, uh we do expect a further
acceleration of this process because we
are expecting a divergence of PBoC's
monetary policy with the rest of the
world, which means the CNY will stay a
very low-yielding currency relative to
global peers for an extended period of
time, and it will further support uh all
these uh rising finance uh financing
activities. Uh but we have to say this
is partly market-driven.
Okay. Well, we're it looks like we're
shifting topics now. That's interesting,
too, because one of the things that you
think We were talking during the break
that markets perhaps don't quite
understand yet is that because of what's
going on in the Middle East. And we saw
that number, I think our producers could
be I wonder if we can bring that up, the
import spike that we had back in March,
that this doesn't remain in China. China
eventually exports this back out, and
how does that How does that affect the
this policy divergence you just talked
about? Thanks. Uh we believe China will
very soon turn to an exporter of of
inflation to the rest of the world from
an exporter of deflation in the last 3
and 1/2 years. And that means China's
role uh when it comes to contribution to
global inflation this time around will
be quite different than 2022 during the
last energy shock. And there are two
reasons in our view. First is that
obviously
high energy prices leads to massively
higher import
prices in China. And it leads to a
faster rebound in PPI and eventually
becomes export of inflation. Second
reason is that China has also been very
proactively repositioning itself and
trying to rebalance its trade with the
rest of the world given everyone has
been accusing them for having a overly
hefty trade surplus. So what we have
seen for example last month it's quite
interesting from a choose your article
that they not only tell us that they
want to rebalance trade but they also
want told us how they are planning to do
so. So from the how they are planning to
do so part is that they are very
precisely pointed out that they want to
reduce subsidy in the low value added
export of goods and and put those
resources in in terms of first building
up domestic social safety net and second
is trying to just double down on the
high end manufacturing sector. So it
means the export price from the low
lower end lower value added goods will
be rising and we have already seen them
putting in action. For example they are
completely removing the export
rebate for solar panel since the
beginning of this month.
>> What about EVs? Because that certainly
was where this whole consumer's
overcapacity and cheap exports that
debate started.
Well, first of all we have seen a surge
of overseas EV demand that that the the
the export was more than doubled after
since the beginning of the war. But at
the same time we think they're also
doing a few things. Domestically they
are already started to curb the building
up of additional EV manufacturing
capacity to
like sort of slightly improve the supply
demand imbalance at home. And
externally, I believe they will continue
to expand production outside of the
mainland China by building up production
plant across different continents just
to serve local markets. So from that
perspective, we we believe for sectors
like this, there will be much less
fierce price cuts against each other
from here on. But
like ultimately, it also means that the
overall rebound of PPI inflation
together with higher input prices will
lead to higher output prices from here
on. So what does that mean then for the
ability will will the PBOC start raising
interest rates? What is the implication
that we don't see right now on on rates?
We believe there will be a divergence
between the PBOC's monetary policy
versus the rest of the world.
Domestically, the
the local factors remains The Fed
rather, sorry. But yes, go ahead. Yes,
still like this inflationary. For
example, if we look at 2022, like we
keep saying this year is not a repeat of
2022 for the bulk of the other
economies. From China's perspective,
it's not exactly the same, but some of
the fundamental factors are still the
same. For example, during 2022 when
energy prices was higher, global central
banks started to hike rates in a very
rapid pace. Also of course partly
because of the COVID reopening, but look
at what PBOC has done during that
period. They continued to cut rates even
after the energy shock. And the primary
reason in our view is one, real estate
market correction. Second, local
government debt resolution. So this time
around, we are still facing the same
issue. China's real estate sector is
still grinding lower, although the base
is now much smaller.
And from a local government financing
point of view, we are still seeing a
very constrained local government
financing situation. For For if we just
look at the LGFV bond net issuance, uh
since the beginning of this year, it has
been negative net issuance and that has
been continuing for the last 2 years
already, which means local governments
are still actively paying back liability
paying back debt and therefore
remains to be a similar situation. So,
we believe the bar for the PBOC to be
hiking rates from here remains to be
very high. Uh but given the rest of the
world has been leaning towards
tightening, the PBOC
would probably just keep rates on hold
for some time, but still ease through
other channels.
Uh
Yeah, we were talking about lower rates.
Do you think that's what's driving this?
I mean, the fact that we've seen the CGB
rally. Um
what do you think is behind it? Um since
the beginning of the world, I think CGB
market is probably the only market that
has seen seen rates actually declining
rather than rising. Uh while the market
like for example, IRS is already pricing
out rate cut expectation, but interbank
liquidity condition has become extremely
fresh. For example, we have seen
overnight repo is falling towards almost
the floor of 1.2%
minus 20 bits.
The floor since the introduction of the
the interest rate corridor and at the
same time local
demand supply dynamics at the banking
sector remains to be unfavorable. So, so
so that's why in the short term, the
very weak asset uptake together with
still very fresh liquidity condition
will probably still
put China rates anchored
at the around the current levels. Okay,
yeah, and we have this auction coming up
that we need to talk about. Six days of
gains at least in the CGB space. Becky,
thank you so much. Very nice to see you.
Have a great week ahead. Becky Liu, head
of China macro strategy at Standard
Chartered. Becky, lots more ahead.
>> [music]
>> Thank you. energy stocks in focus.
[music] Uh
simply and I think this is interesting
because we are
this really happens where you get a day
when oil prices are spiking. Uh we're
going the opposite way some of your
traditional energy names. In fact, the
opposite is true when you look at some
of the renewables and
>> [music]
>> nuclear. And I think the market has now
taken turned the page on this chapter.
We'll see. We'll see if that holds, of
course, and some of [music] these big
names listed in Japan and Korea are
actually seeing the opposite. Can we
flash it, please, if we can? Uh
this is going to be interesting [music]
because this really goes into what we
were talking about earlier on, the
energy transition security [music]
self-reliance that this will accelerate
given what's happening in the Middle
East. Yep. So, green techs certainly is
uh looking green here today. You take a
look at how US futures though we're
still slightly heavy here this morning.
We're seeing when it comes to S&P
futures, [music] we're just slightly
down by about half of 1%. This is
Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> And they have emerged.
>> [laughter]
>> Out of losses. Out of losses.
>> I got you there. This just actually
happened in the last few seconds.
>> [music]
>> So, the MSCI Emerging Markets Index has
now completely reversed that dip from
when the war began. And as you can see,
we're now trading uh above water. Uh
soon after this, we'll get the likes of
Korea, which is look It It looks like a
similar chart when you look at a Kospi
index. And you know, if more and more of
this market is pricing this out now.
Yeah. Our market is clearly saying
Anthony Sze is Korea is gunning it.
Well, as well as with Japan here this
morning. That's really kind of leading
to this milestone that we're seeing
across MSCI EM. Having said that, when
it came to what Jonathan Garner and his
team at Morgan Stanley are saying,
"Look, maybe it's time to lighten up a
little bit in this whole re-engagement
into Asia and to growth and the like
here just given how this flip-flop that
we're seeing when it comes to
straight-up hermoos is going to continue
uh to weigh on sentiment. So, that
certainly is one thing. Let's bring in
some more views here. Tina Tian, a
portfolio manager at Fidelity
International, she joins us here in our
studios. Tina, it's great to have you on
the program. I know you focus more on on
the tech side of the consumption side.
Tech seems to be sort of the name of the
game these days despite all this
headline risk when it comes to this Iran
war. Is tech going to be really the
leader to drive things higher here in
Asia? Good morning. First of all, thanks
for having me. Um I think so. I mean,
we've talked a lot about, you know, the
global tech AI development in the in the
outside of China, but tech is really a
important focus in China as well, right?
Um tech localization is extremely
important given all the restrictions
we've seen in the past few years. So, we
are seeing the localization trend really
accelerating in China across the value
chain, right? From semi-cap chip
companies,
uh we have also have our cloud service
providers, and overall, I mean, the tech
ecosystem in China is is really is
really growing. So, I think that's
that's really interesting and an
important focus for us. Are you
surprised that the traditional tech
names, the big platform companies, have
somewhat underperformed this new
generation
uh of names? And I you know, what do you
do with that information as someone that
manages your exposure to just this al-
almost a new generation every day of of
players coming up?
I think it's a great question. I think
if you look at the larger traditional
sort of big tech, right? They don't
provide a very like a pure exposure to
the newest tech, let's say AI. They
still have a lot of other stuff, right?
E-commerce, food delivery, etc. And we
all know um
I mean, China's consumption is still
recovering, right? There's a lot of
competition. So, the earnings
if you think about the the earnings
exposure for these large-cap large tech
companies are still very much driven by
some of the traditional
more traditional, less new kind of
revenue streams, and those are still
under a bit of pressure.
So, I think it's it's natural if we have
some investors trying to play
the theme through more pure, you know,
expression of of those new technologies.
So, I think it's it's it's it's not it's
understandable, but we see that
valuation from valuation perspective, a
lot of the large tech companies are
getting really really interesting.
People seem to really, I mean, some of
the the consumption, you know, the
competition pressure, etc. has already
been priced in.
And if you look at, you know, what the
their capabilities, right? Some of the
companies have full stack AI
capabilities are not really priced in.
So, I actually think it's it's getting
more interesting here. We've been
talking about what's going on in
Shenzhen, and yeah, obviously CATL is
sort of the oil alternative in some
ways. And then you have another those
six of the seven sisters, they call it
now on social media that's really kind
of leading to the China X to be at, you
know, 11-year highs and whatnot. So, the
weighting of these companies are
obviously huge. I'm just wondering,
should we also be concerned about the
concentration risk as well in China?
Yeah, I think I think it's it's not just
in China, right? Globally, we're
actually seeing the performance actually
pretty narrow, right? The tech space
absolutely has been the outperformer, I
think in China as well in the past
couple of years, that the performance
has been very narrow, right? You're
you're looking at technology. I mean,
last year material, commodities,
and more recently because of the energy
shock, and you know, it seems that the
performance outperformance are quite
quite focused and quite narrow. I think
for for that to broaden out, we do need
more recovery of of the economy, which I
think we are seeing some green shoots,
but at this moment, people just kind of
want to hide in higher certainties,
better visibilities of earnings. Yeah, I
think I think that will gradually
broaden out, but we need the economy,
you know, recovery to come back. What's
the most convincing green shoot?
The most convincing convincing green
shoot um I'd say
is the consumer confidence, right? So,
if you if you look at the national
consumer confidence index
>> ABS? From NBS.
>> Okay. It's it has dropped sharply right
after COVID and it's being gradually
improving. Okay.
>> Um it has not come back to the pre-COVID
level, Right. but the recovery
continues. And you know, by speaking to
companies, by speaking to people on the
ground
>> and and and really you know, been
looking at some of the consumer surveys,
it seems that consumer confidence is
stabilizing and recovering. And the the
drivers are really I mean, people are
saying you know, the salary income has
been stabilizing, investment income has
rebounded, partly thanks to
the the good invest I mean, stock
performance in the past couple years in
China. And property prices are
stabilizing a bit. You you've seen the
strong numbers coming out of Shanghai
recently. Right. Um so, I think the
consumer confidence is is really is
really stabilizing. And we're also
seeing if if you look at if you look at
the past couple years, right? Um that
the China consumer space and the general
consumption in general, if you break it
down by volume and price, volume has
been increasing, resilient and growing.
What has been dragging the overall
consumption is really pricing. And if
you look at pricing, I think we are
seeing green shoots in certain pockets,
for example, services, right? Hotel
revpar has been improving, driven by
still structurally growing travel demand
and also more supply discipline. And
also, you know, in some staples areas
like raw milk and hog farming, the
prices are at multi-year low. We think
that will accelerate the supply exit.
So, in that sense, pricing in some of
the pockets have already seen the bottom
and that will improve and help driving
um the profits of the leading players.
Mhm.
Um new consumption, that was the big
thing last year. We've seen some of
those companies
fizzle out of it. Yeah. Uh, I won't name
which one, but how should I be looking
at new consumption now? Yes, I think new
consumption is really an important area
to focus on.
Um,
you said, you know, a couple of new
consumption company last year in terms
of um, their
really keyed into that emotional value
>> um, for for consumers. We also see new
business models. Um, one example is that
the off-price um, snack retailers. It's
a new business model really emerging in
China.
>> Off-price snack retailers. I've seen
those, yes.
>> that kind of emotional value, this large
amount of products, a variety of
products in smaller, affordable
packages. You go there, you feel that
treasure hunt push to find those
interesting, you know, uh, products. And
and they they value great they they
offer great value. Think about the scale
and they really use that scale to have a
good deals from suppliers such that
consumers can get real value with very
good very very good variety of products.
So, I think that's an interesting um,
example of some of the new consumption
trends. I think, you know, China's
consumers, they are getting more
pragmatic. They they they are spending
less, but they're still spending more
um, smart, right? They spend on stuff
that they really can have deep
connection with, be it emotional value
or, you know, good products at good
prices.
The
How is the consumer, so we understand it
because we cover it every day.
Someone like you that markets to
sort of the global investor,
has has appetite for the Chinese
consumption story? First, do they
understand it better now? And if they
understand it better, are they buying
into it or is it still inquiries mostly?
In terms of fund flows into Right.
>> where you guys are. Um I I think people
are still in a sort of wait-and-see
mode, right? Cuz I mean, Chinese
consumer in general has been down cycle
for a number of years. Um given how big
the space is, even if we see these green
shoots, it has not lifted up all the
everything, right? So, I think people
are starting to engage.
But still, they want to see more, you
know, more signals, and more green
shoots. Um but I would definitely think
there are pockets that
are getting increasingly more
interesting.
Tina, thank you. Thank you.
>> Let's talk again soon. Tina Tina Tian
there
uh on just laying out the green shoots
that's perhaps most people should be
paying attention to at this point in
time. I mean, nothing gets more
emotional than snacks for me, so, you
know, like Is that emotional stress
[laughter] eating? That's about it,
isn't it?
Yes.
Get me some peanuts.
See me after shows. Tina and I,
first thing is hitting the pantry
downstairs. All right, coming up. We're
talking about sky-high jet fuel prices
triggering fresh warnings of travel
disruptions in the coming months. Yeah,
an update for all you travelers out
there. This is what we're
>> [music]
>> In that scenario, we have global oil
inventories bottoming [music] at about 7
about 7.8 billion barrels over the next
2 months and [music] thereafter
recovering. But even so,
even if we assume that global oil supply
outstrips [music] demand by 1 million
barrels per day thereafter, uh it would
still take
uh about 1 year before we return [music]
to about 8.2 million barrels or a $75
per barrel kind of a Brent environment.
Reality check. Yeah, let let let let
that sink in the timeline. Parsley Ong
uh JP Morgan speaking with us earlier
on, of course she is head of Asia energy
and chemicals
uh research. Okay, uh for that um is
higher fuel making it more expensive? It
certainly has
uh to travel. Has it made it more less
uh commercially viable for airlines to
then keep the existing routes, capacity,
what have you? And airline passengers
should expect more cancellations and
grounded planes as carriers cope with
increases in jet fuel prices.
>> Yeah, I mean you take a look at the data
and what people are crunching out right
now. This is from Cirium, right? They're
saying global capacity for May has it
reduced by about three percentage
points.
Is that May or March? Global is for May.
Um with all but one of the 20 largest
airlines slashing flights. Now Asia
Aviation and Transport Board Daily joins
us now. So, tell us about the
disruptions and really at what scale at
this point that we're seeing these
disruptions.
>> Yeah, I mean for airlines in this region
in particular, we're seeing cuts uh
being announced thick and fast, whether
be uh Cathay, which is bad news day for
you. You know, you fly Cathay a lot. But
Qantas especially. But then it stretches
across the world basically. So, um even
though that 3% number sounds small, but
these are these are chunks of flights
that have been taken out particularly
where there are multiple flights a day.
Uh so, they're consolidating and it just
goes to show just that very high cost of
jet fuel is now just unpalatable in the
meantime for airlines. So, we're seeing
these cuts extend all the way into the
start of the summer, so till the end of
June. And it just remains to be seen
just how far airlines are willing to
extend these cuts if we do not see a
resolution in Hormuz and supplies
eventually start to make their way
through to the likes of Asia. So, there
is there is pain being felt by airlines
and and so these cuts we start to see a
trickle of in the past because it has
become more of a kind of like a steady
stream at this stage. The how much of
this is well, clearly part of it is
demand destruction. Do we know more on
um you know, how passengers are getting
clients are getting priced out because
of the current the current fares and is
that really also leading to these
airlines not having to rethink their
capacity? I think it's a combination of
that. So, so passengers are being forced
to pay much higher prices whether
through fuel levies, high ticket prices.
So,
there is an excess of capacity that
airlines cannot fill in a short term and
I'm sure that passengers are rethinking
whether they want to pay for the higher
prices now if not trade over for using
their air miles at this stage just to
you know, ease the the burden on the on
the flights particularly if it's
holidays. So, there's demand
destruction, there's also the supply
concern and then also just
that that high cost that airlines do not
want to pay in the meantime. So, they're
looking to find ways of saving money.
So, so what is the biggest concern now,
do you think? Is it still the jet fuel
price or is it more about supply? I
think it's a combination of you know,
jet fuel price and supply at the moment.
And so, we are seeing these warnings and
particularly in Asia and Europe of of
shortages looming. We're seeing it in
some countries particularly in Asia
where they are facing these difficulties
like in Vietnam. So, for the moment it's
just you know, trying to navigate
through this very difficult period and
hope I mean,
you hear all the time hope is the best
strategy for some of these airlines. And
so, it's just trying to navigate through
all of these all of this turmoil and
particularly hopefully that the Hormuz
situation Just before the Golden Week
holiday, too for China.
Yeah, the peak travel season, right? The
um I was having a conversation with some
friends and you know, clearly the
Asia-Europe
routes have been most affected because
the Middle East sort of corridor is now
largely not an option.
How much of the problem goes away if we
get Qatar and Emirates, which are
really, really big airlines and really
big capacity, come back
uh come come back online in the same way
as Well, they're
they're already about 60 to 80% back
online. Whether the flights are as full,
unlikely because of the component around
travel insurance, I'm sure many like
travel with a level of insurance and
protection. Right.
But, you know, I even though I've spoken
to some friends who are still willing to
fly via the Middle East and take their
chance. So, there was a combination of
that. Uh but yeah, I think it's just a
squeeze at the moment. Just that, you
know, airlines are not willing to pay
over $200 a barrel for jet fuel at this
stage. And
it's just not enough to meet the the
operating expenses given how much of the
tickets they have sold, you know, many,
many months ago at much lower prices.
So,
it's for them just to take a backseat
and just ride out the worst of this
current turbulence.
Turbulence, yeah. Looks like we're still
in it. All right, Danny, thank you.
Danny Lee there, our Asia aviation and
transport reporter, uh joining us here.
Coming up, well, a new world record's
been set at the Beijing half marathon,
but it wasn't done by a human runner.
More on China's latest greatly forward
in the robotics race [music] next.
So cute. This is
>> [laughter]
[gasps]
>> Stop right there.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Time for a trending in China. Look at
what's making headlines in national
newspapers and [music] sparking some
conversation on social media. And yeah,
can you run faster than a human? Well,
yeah, robots certainly can. Take a look
at this. A robot running record is
getting plenty of attention after a half
in a half marathon race
in Beijing. Look at him, he goes, "Yes!"
Yeah. I can [laughter] I can feel his
emotion. So, he he he actually beat the
human record that was made during what,
Portugal? That was I think that was the
last
>> March 8th. Wow. Yeah, that was 6 weeks
ago.
And I think he he
>> watching this. So so the robot managed
to Oh my god, where is his head? get the
record. It [laughter] has no head. And I
I could be mistaken, but I think that
this is the same robot that slammed into
the side barrier just just minutes
before.
And even then and still
>> still beat the human record. All right.
Liza here, our China correspondent.
She's been watching all things social
media. Yeah, where is his head? Or its
head. Um yeah, so they they broke the
human record. Tell us more.
Yeah, I mean, this is the second edition
of this robot marathon that China has
held. And I think it's remarkable just
the leap of the technology in the course
of 1 year. Because last year, if you
recall, the the fastest robot took what,
2 hours 40 minutes? And now it took a
third of the time. So, it was really
quite a leap in the technology there. Um
and it's not just about speed, right?
It's also about the number of autonomous
robots that participated this year. 40%
of the robots were autonomous versus
last year where almost none of them and
they were pretty much all remote
controlled. And a part of it was because
the organizers also revised the rule.
They basically put a penalty for those
that are remote controlled, your race
time has to be multiplied by 1.2 times.
So, actually, this robot was not the
fastest. There was another remote
controlled robot that was the fastest,
but because of the penalty, it was well,
not penalty, the race rules, it was
bumped down to the fifth.
Um and um
that robot actually crashed into the
barrier just about 15 minutes before the
end and then it couldn't get up. It
required some human help to get it up.
But finally, yes.
>> got a robot trophy. I love it. And Honor
really, really smashed the competition
here because Honor took all three of the
top spots in this robot competition.
Yeah, it looks a bit deranged without
the head.
>> What did you do that, Dave? Even if I
try
>> [laughter]
>> and train for years, I could never run
with this form. But it's just like
you're on the other side with all the
humans and then there's this robot just
racing ahead of you. There it is.
>> I love it. Oh, so that's the one that
came in last.
>> for.
>> the twist. And then here's the human
intervention. It's coming. It's coming.
>> a remote control one though. It's not
the one that won. But this came in
fastest.
This was the one that came in fastest.
Okay.
>> So, the one that
Yeah, they look similar cuz they're all
by Honor. And they're called Lightning.
They're all called Lightning.
>> called Lightning. What are they racing
to the finish
>> is the company just for our viewers who
might not know. Smart phone company that
used to be a subsidiary of Huawei before
it it was bought and spun off. Yeah.
Okay, so beyond just the [laughter] in
some ways the gimmick
itself and it's a
There it is. Okay, it it can't Yeah,
>> [laughter]
>> it it can't wait to get started again.
This is a very elegant fall, by the way.
There were many spectacular falls.
>> Let me go.
>> [laughter]
[gasps]
>> I love this. Okay, obviously this is one
as you could say gimmick moment. There's
also some other ways that they're stress
testing some of these robots now, right?
>> Yeah, it is in some ways a stress test,
right? Because the whole the race
terrain was quite difficult. I would say
there were uphill and downhill slopes.
There were barriers. I mean, there were
robots that just tripped right at the
start across the curb and just
completely shattered and had to be taken
away with a stretcher. So, it is in some
ways that stress test. Um, and also bear
in mind, it is a an event that really
raises the profile and the visibility of
the entire sector. You look at the
participation rate this year is up
fivefold. 100 teams participated with
300 robots. And that's another challenge
because if it's an autonomous robot, it
has to avoid colliding with the other
300 robots that was racing with it. So
there are a lot of sort of technical
details you have to ensure that the
battery packs is able to be swapped or
it can last for the entire race that the
robots do not get overheated and melt
and lose their limbs. I mean there are
some of them that look like really
drunken and
>> [laughter]
>> you know, walking drunkenly on that race
course.
Yeah, and and
it also realistically there were local
reports that said that the interest in
this race was so high that the search
terms for intelligent robots for example
went up 300 times during the robot race
on these e-commerce platforms. So it
really drives traffic to some of the
companies involved as well. It's It's
really cool and I think you put it very
nicely Min-Min that this is almost a
rehearsal of a fully autonomous if you
think about EVs, right? That they can
they have to coexist amongst themselves
and not crash into each other.
>> of a playing field to really attract
more people to come in and to race in
this. And then throughout that process
they would reiterate and refine their
products. And eventually you get those
winners that really dominate, you know,
the industry globally, you know, over
the course of this intense competition
in China. Why did it start ahead though
anyway? Like we were getting Oh, so they
they are sort of staggered by 30 seconds
so that they don't crash into each
other.
Min-Min knows her burpees.
Next up Hyrox, okay? Let's see how they
do that. Let's see. Let me see you do a
burpee.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, the only
perhaps the the the blessing here though
is I hope they have their shirts on
because everyone at Hyrox seems to be
dispensing with the top end of their
clothing.
>> [laughter]
>> I mean, come on, man. I mean, it's
probably cold in there. Oh.
>> Anyway. Okay. Oh, Dave is so bitter cuz
he is the marathon runner, not the Hyrox
participant, okay? Uh Min-Min did for
bringing that. I love I love the video.
Any day we can put that on our shoes.
Market checks are like this here.
Yeah, they're running with it, right?
>> They are.
Taking it in stride.
Let me take a look at Korea's doing.
We're still seeing gains in Taiwan and
Korea they're more than 1% here. So yes,
despite all this sort of flip-flop, all
this kind of uncertainties around the
Strait of Hormuz and things are kind of
grounded back to a halt now in terms of
vessels there.
Equity markets are still finding ways to
to continue on. Absolutely. And I think
the bond markets are also telling you
something different. But probably look
at the bond markets this week. We didn't
get to talk about this as much because
the
potential confirmation hearing. Oh,
yeah. This week
is is one to watch. Okay. So we have a
bond auction of course coming through in
China with the yields at these levels.
Going to be interesting to see. We'll
tell you all about that and other
stories [music] tomorrow. This is
Bloomberg.